Okay my friends.
I'm ready to finish this.
It's actually very simple now and I'm sure that you're confident that the solution I'm about to give
you will be the same as your solution because indeed now the only thing that we have to do is juggle
with our different machinery learning toolkits including the data processing tool kit and the classification
tool kit to complete this implementation.
So let's do this.
Starting with splitting the data set into the training set in a desert.
Well that's super easy.
We're ready to do this and only one copy paste because we have indeed the matrix of Features X and the
dependent variable vector Y.
Therefore the only thing that we have to do here is just to go to our data repricing template and then
take exactly these two lines of code to indeed split our data set composed of the matrix of Features
X and the independent viable vector Y into well a new training set and test it.
And that's our first copy paste and of course here we have nothing to change now.
Next step training the name based model on the training set.
So here we'll have to juggle with another of our machinery and tool kit which is of course the classification
tool kit.
So we're gonna go back into our whole machine learning is it further then we're going to you know use
this little shortcut here to go back to the base of the folder which is this one machine learning a
Z coding data set then we're going to go into point three classification and then we'll see all our
different models including the native base but I would just like to remind that you know the choice
of native base was just based on my experience I observed that the knife base does very well with natural
language processing problems but I'll give you another exercise at the end of this tutorial which will
be to beat me or you know to beat the score that we're gonna get at the end of this implementation.
And so your goal will be to get an even better accuracy and if you get it you'll posted in the comments
or you can send me a private message to say that indeed you managed to beat the accuracy score that
we're about to get together and that you probably got by yourself when doing this exercise.
All right so there we go let's just choose for now the knife based model.
So we're going to go into the section section 18 knife bays then we're going to go into python and then
we're going to open this knife base implementation open with Google collaboratively and you know I can
just put it here it is now opening lowering it laying out a notebook and there we go.
And now you have everything you can just find the cell that you know trains native based model on the
training set which is right here by the way you could also take you know your moral selection folder
containing all the classification models as you want but there we go what we need right now is this
cell and nothing else.
And we actually don't have anything to change inside.
That's all good.
Now let's go back to our copy of our natural language pricing implementation.
Let's create a new coat sell here and let's just days that sell to train.
Well the GAO Naif based model on the training set composed of X train and Y train that was just created
just before.
All right good.
Now next step creating the test results.
Well once again here we won't have anything to do except a simple copy paste still from our name based
implementation because you know what we just want to do here is display next to each other the vector
of predictions and the vector of real results containing the real reviews.
You know the real outcomes of the reviews whether they're positive which gives a 1 or negative which
gives a zero.
So here I just copied and I'm about to paste that here in a new coat sale.
All right.
And this will indeed print next to each other.
First the vector of predictions which we've got here in this first line of code and the vector of real
results containing the real outcomes of the reviews.
Perfect.
And finally making the confusion matrix that's our last up here.
And once again we're going to go back to our two kids you know the classification toolkit for native
base.
We're going to scroll down a bit more and we're going to find indeed the confusion matrix computing
as well the accuracy score you know the accuracy being simply the number of correct predictions divided
by the total number of observations in the test set of course.
All right so let's copy and paste that in this new coat sale.
And there you go my friends.
Now this implementation is over.
We finished it in just a few seconds or you know in a few minutes with the explanation.
But there we go.
That's what I mean by juggling with your different toolkits.
You can be super efficient at implementing the classification or regression model by using your code
templates all right.
Now it's showtime.
We will execute the cells that we haven't executed so far.
So the last one we executed was this one.
Basically everything that is related to the bag of words model.
So now let's play the rest of his cell starting this one which will split the data set into the training
set and to set all good.
Now that we had a training set.
We're going to train the native baseball on the training set and all good again.
And now we're going to predict the test results by displaying next to each other the vector of predictions
and the vector of real outcomes of the reviews.
And well well look at this.
We don't start well because we start with three incorrect predictions right for the first review which
be careful is not well love this place because these are the reviews of the test not the whole dataset.
So this is not the first review.
I love this place.
This is just a random review taken from the original data set and put into the test.
But anyway for this first review of the test set our moral predicted this review to be positive whereas
in reality it is negative.
Same for the second review predicted positive.
But in reality negative same for the third review predicted positive.
But in reality negative and then this is correct that's a negative review which wasn't it predicted
as negative.
Same for this one negative review predicted as negative here.
Another mistake negative review predicted as positive here.
Correct prediction.
Positive review predicted as positive then.
Incorrect prediction.
Negative review predicted as positive then an incorrect prediction again.
Negative review predicted as positive and correct.
Correct.
Incorrect anyway so.
Yeah but by scrolling down we can see you know that we actually have many correct predictions.
And anyway we're going to check that right away with our computing matrix below.
I'm actually going to scroll down from here.
There we go.
And perfect.
So this is our last cell which will display the confusion matrix and compute the accuracy score which
I will want you to beat right after this tutorial as a final exercise of an LP.
And so let's play this cell to see what the confusion matrix looks like and mostly to see the final
accuracy which is 73 percent.
All right.
So that's pretty good.
But I'm sure we can do better.
You know there are many ways to better.
And so I really look forward to seeing your results you know after your experiment with more classification
models or even by doing a better cleaning of the text you know the reviews maybe you can add some more
exclusions in the list of stuff words you know we excluded not from the list of stop words but maybe
you can exclude as well isn't.
You know I know that isn't is actually part of the stopwatch list.
So you know you can do some extra work in order to improve this because I'm sure that we can get a better
accuracy than 73 percent but still this is pretty good.
You know remember that we actually trained a machine to understand English and you know a couple of
years ago maybe decades ago this would definitely seem very challenging.
But here we did it in just a few minutes and that's absolutely incredible.
And the morale predicts whether these English words and reviews are positive or negative.
Correctly 73 percent of the time.
So that's really really good.
And that's the confusion matrix with 55 correct predictions of negative reviews 91 correct predictions
of positive reviews 42 incorrect predictions of positive reviews and 12 incorrect predictions of negative
reviews.
All right so try to reduce these two numbers here and let me know or let everybody know in the comments
what you managed to get which solution you managed to improve.
And I look forward to seeing if you manage to you know for example go over 80 percent.
That would be fantastic.
You know you would definitely beat me by pretty far.
All right.
So now we're done with natural language processing.
I hope you like this introduction to sentiment analysis if you liked an LP and if you want to you know
study more in depth this branch of machine learning.
Well know that we have other courses about Chad birds about the birds model.
So I really recommend to check it out.
But first I recommend that you know you complete this journey of machine learning and speaking of this.
Well the next step of our journey here is to enter the fascinating world of deep learning where we will
you know mimic the processes of the human brain to actually give for the first time to our A.I. an artificial
brain which will itself perform some predictions.
It's super fascinating it's actually you know the most fascinating branch of machinery because this
is the closest one to human intelligence.
So now I just can't wait to see you in this next part to enter the world of deep learning.
And until then enjoy machine learning.